Fix typos in pricing docs (#199)
xataio/mdx-docs: 030-Concepts/080-pricing.mdx

#### Point-in-time recovery

> Point-in-time recovery (PITR) enables the restoration of data to a specific timestamp that you designate. PITR operates by consistently backing up transaction logs, so you can revert data to any designated point. You can use PITR for the following:

Reviewer: Thank you @Mansive! Missed this

##### Can I increase my rate limit?

> Yes, you can increase the limit by upgrading to the Pro plan, if you are on the Free plan. You can also [contact us](mailto:contactus@xata.io) if you would like to discuss pricing options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can increase the limit by upgrading to the Pro plan, if you are on the Free plan. You can also [contact us](mailto:contactus@xata.io) if you would like to discuss pricing options.
```

For Pro and Enterprise plans, an invoice will be generated every 30 days based on the date you initiated your plan. This invoice will cover the past month's usage and any previous outstanding amounts.

> ##### Do you have a program for start-ups?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Do you offer a program specifically designed for start-ups?
```
